I know better than anyone
The position of the United Chamber of Commerce in the North Sea
Because I am the young master of the Sun family
The future head of the United Chamber of Commerce
You you you
Master Sun two weekdays
A dog thing that is not even qualified to see me
You deserve to talk to me about the consequences
Then I'll tell you
What will happen if you offend me?
You will be fired by me
I will also inform all enterprises at that time.
Any business
I won't dare to ask you again
Then you will have no place in the North Sea
Oh yes, and you
My United Chamber of Commerce will cut off
All cooperation with the Xu family
At that time, your Xu family will only have one consequence
That is waiting to die and go bankrupt
Master Sun, raise your hand
We don't know your identity.
To offend
I'm so sorry.
Just give me a way out
Yes, if I knew you were a young owner
Even if you give us 10 guts
I don't dare to be rude to you
You treat us as shit
Let us go
If my dad finds out
Because I brought the cooperation of Xu Jialiang Chamber of Commerce
He had to skin me.
Zifeng and the others are also with my classmates after all
Just give them another chance.
Honey, you said so.
How could I disagree?
Since you use Susan to intercede for you
You are also familiar
I'll spare you this time
Remember next time
The gods can't save you